# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Quick Export - Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)
This is a quick version of my `Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)` plugin that runs without a dialog and uses my preferred settings. This plugin exports a skin texture in several optimized formats. 

The following values are selected:
 - **Console**: `All`
	- **Export a CSP for XML1?**: `No`
	- **Export a CSP for XML2?**: `Yes`
For more information on these settings, see the "Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)" plugin. 

This plugin contains all functionality of the full version, so the hard-coded settings can be changed by editing the `.py` file.

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the image has been saved as a .xcf file. The texture should be square. My templates are recommended for use, as they contain the correct layer names. See the "Templates" section for more information. The portrait should not have any outline, as this will be generated by the script.

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `runUpdateAdmin.bat` from my scripts, or it can be placed individually in your GIMP plugins directory. The standard location for this is `C:\Users\(your user)\AppData\Roaming\GIMP\2.10\plug-ins`. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to export. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Export Textures/Quick Exporters` and choose the `Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)` plugin.
3. If the file is not set up properly, you will receive an error with explanations. Otherwise, it will move on.
4. The .xcf will be saved and several additional operations will be run while the texture is being exported to the various folders in different formats. The operations will depend on the options selected. Textures that are the same will be grouped together. See below for a list of the texture types that will be exported for each console. 
5. This script creates duplicate images to export, so you will not see any changes on your texture. Wait for the status bar to finish before proceeding with any further operations to your texture. Once it's done running, a message will announce that the export is complete.

## Export Types
For more information on export types, see the "Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)" plugin. 

## Templates
In order for the script to function correctly, I've provided three templates that can be used with it. For more information on these templates (and for the files themselves), see the "Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)" plugin. 

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation