Export Textures/By Texture Format/Export as DXT1 .dds/README.md, before:

# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Export to DXT1 .dds
This plugin exports a texture to DXT1 format

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the image has been saved as a .xcf file. 

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `runUpdateAdmin.bat` from my scripts, or it can be placed individually in your GIMP plugins directory. The standard location for this is `C:\Users\(your user)\AppData\Roaming\GIMP\2.10\plug-ins`. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to export. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Export Textures/By Texture Format` and choose the `Export as DXT1 .dds` plugin.
3. A dialog will appear with options. You can toggle the following options:
  - If the image will be saved with RGB colors (for use with Wii, Xbox, GameCube, or XML2 PC, or for MUA1 PC/Next-Gen if Alchemy 5 is being used)
  - If the image will be saved with BGR colors (for use with MUA1 PC and Next-Gen if Alchemy 2.5 is being used)
  - If the image is to be flattened during export (will merge all layers and remove transparency)
4. The .xcf will be saved, and then the image will be flattened (if the option is chosen). If RGB export is selected, the image will be exported as a DXT1 dds to a `DXT1 RGB` folder in the same location as the .xcf file. If BGR export is selected, the image will be RGB-BGR swapped and then exported as a DXT1 dds to a `DXT1 RGB-BGR Swapped` folder in the same location as the .xcf file.
5. All the steps are part of one undo group and can be undone with Ctrl+Z. Use this after running the script to return to the original state of the image and edit it further, if needed.

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation

Commit message:

Format exporters - update
Update the exporters for different formats to use basic procedures, add error checking, and include Alchemy 5 (where applicable). Also add exporters for plain PNG and TGA

Export Textures/By Texture Format/Export as DXT1 .dds/README.md, after:

# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Export to DXT1 .dds
This plugin exports a texture as a .dds file with DXT1 compression.

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the image has been saved as a .xcf file. The dimensions of the image must be powers of 2.

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `runUpdateAdmin.bat` from my scripts, or it can be placed individually in your GIMP plugins directory. The standard location for this is `C:\Users\(your user)\AppData\Roaming\GIMP\2.10\plug-ins`. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to export. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Export Textures/By Texture Format` and choose the `Export as DXT1 .dds` plugin.
3. A dialog will appear with options. You can toggle the following options:
	- **Alchemy Version**: Select the version of Alchemy being used. Select `Alchemy 2.5` if you're creating models in 3ds Max 5 with the Alchemy 2.5 export plugin. Select `Alchemy 5` if you're creating models in 3ds Max 10 or 12 with the Alchemy 5 export plugin. 
	- **Export in RGB?**: Select if you want the texture to be exported with its original RGB colors.
	- **Export RGB-BGR Swapped?**: Select if you want the texture to be exported the colors RGB-BGR-swapped. This is only necessary if you're using Alchemy 2.5 and creating the asset for next-gen MUA1 (PC, Steam, PS3, or Xbox 360).
4. If the file is not set up properly, you will receive an error with explanations. Otherwise, it will move on.
5. The .xcf will be saved and several additional operations will be run while the texture is being exported. If `Yes` was selected for **Export in RGB?**, the texture will be exported to a folder called `DXT1 RGB`. If `Yes` was selected for **Export RGB-BGR Swapped?** and `Alchemy 2.5` was selected for **Alchemy Version**, the texture will be exported to a folder called `DXT1 BGR`. See the section below called "Export Compatibility" for information on what consoles will support which format.
6. This script creates duplicate images to export, so you will not see any changes on your texture. Wait for the status bar to finish before proceeding with any further operations to your texture. Once it's done running, a message will announce that the export is complete.

### Export Compatibility
 - Alchemy 2.5:
	- RGB version: GameCube, Wii, Xbox, XML2 PC
	- BGR version: Next-Gen MUA1 (PC, Steam, PS3, Xbox 360)
 - Alchemy 5:
    - RGB version: Wii, Next-Gen MUA1 (PC, Steam, PS3, Xbox 360)

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation
