Skin Previews/Crop Screenshots - XML2/Crop Preview for XML2 Character Select Portrait/README.md, before:

# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Crop MUA1 Mannequin Preview
This plugin crops a screenshot from MUA1 PC to create a preview of a mannequin.

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the resolution is set to 1920x1080. The screenshot must be taken in the character select screen when hovering over the mannequin in question. I generally take my screenshots using the original (v1.0-v1.5) 36 Roster Hack team stage with the only character in menulocation 7.

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `runUpdateAdmin.bat` from my scripts, or it can be placed individually in your GIMP plugins directory. The standard location for this is `C:\Users\(your user)\AppData\Roaming\GIMP\2.10\plug-ins`. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to crop. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Skin Previews/Crop Screenshots - MUA1` and choose the `Crop Mannequin Preview` plugin.
3. The image will be cropped to the correct size.

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation

Commit message:

XML2 Preview Crop - updates
Update the specific references to work with XML2 and the assets in question.

Skin Previews/Crop Screenshots - XML2/Crop Preview for XML2 Character Select Portrait/README.md, after:

# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Crop MUA1 Mannequin Preview
This plugin crops a screenshot from XML2 PC to create a preview of a character select portrait (CSP).

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the resolution is set to 1920x1080. The screenshot must be taken in the character select screen while selecting a character and while hovering over the portrait in question. 

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `runUpdateAdmin.bat` from my scripts, or it can be placed individually in your GIMP plugins directory. The standard location for this is `C:\Users\(your user)\AppData\Roaming\GIMP\2.10\plug-ins`. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to crop. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Skin Previews/Crop Screenshots - XML2` and choose the `Crop Character Select Portrait Preview` plugin.
3. The image will be cropped to the correct size.

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation
