# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Export Multiple Portraits (CSP and HUD)
This plugin exports a character select portrait (CSP) and conversation portrait (HUD) texture in several optimized formats.

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the image has been saved as a .xcf file. The texture should be square. My templates are recommended for use, as they contain the correct layer names. See the "Templates" section for more information. The portrait should not have any outline, as this will be generated by the script where applicable. The file name does not need to include `_conversation` at the end; if this is not present, the script will add it automatically for any HUD textures. It's only necessary to use the character number in the file name.

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `update.bat` from the main folder of this release. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to export. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Export Textures/By Asset Type` and choose the `Export Multiple Portraits (CSP and HUD)` plugin.
3. You will be presented with a series of options:
	- **Console**: Select which console you will be using. `All` will export to all available consoles based on later suggestions, while `PC Only` will export textures for PC only.
	- **Alchemy Version**: Select the version of Alchemy being used. Select `Alchemy 2.5` if you're exporting portraits in 3ds Max 5 with the Alchemy 2.5 export plugin. Select `Alchemy 5` if you're creating portraits with the [Alchemy 5 Texture Replacement Method](https://marvelmods.com/forum/index.php/topic,11009.0.html).
	- **Export a Plain HUD?**: Select if you want to export a plain HUD with no outline.
	- **Export an MUA1 next-gen style HUD?**: Select if you want to export a HUD in the style of next-gen MUA1 (transparent background and no frame)
	- **Export a HUD with a hero outline?**: Select if you want to export a HUD with a typical blue outline.
	- **Export a HUD with a red villain outline?**: Select if you want to export a HUD with a red outline, denoting that they are a villain.
	- **Export a HUD with a green villain outline?**: Select if you want to export a HUD with a green outline, denoting that they are possessed by Doctor Doom.
	- **Export a CSP for XML1?**: Select if you want to export a CSP for XML1.
	- **Export a CSP for XML2?**: Select if you want to export a CSP for XML2.
4. If the file is not set up properly, you will receive an error with explanations. Otherwise, it will move on.
5. The .xcf will be saved and several additional operations will be run while the texture is being exported to the various folders in different formats. The operations will depend on the options selected. Textures that are the same will be grouped together. See below for a list of the texture types that will be exported for each console. 
6. This script creates duplicate images to export, so you will not see any changes on your texture. Wait for the status bar to finish before proceeding with any further operations to your texture. Once it's done running, a message will announce that the export is complete.

## Export Types
See the README files for the `Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)` script and `Export Conversation Portrait (HUD)` script for more details on the export types for the various portraits. 

## Templates
In order for the script to function correctly, I've provided three templates that can be used with it: `Template (64x64).xcf`, `Template (128x128).xcf`, and `Template (256x256).xcf`. The only difference between each is the texture size. Here's how to use the templates:
1. Open the template that you want to use in GIMP. Save it as something else so that you always have the templates available. The file name doesn't matter.
2. The layer with an example image in it (90s Cyclops) can be cleared out, but keep the layer itself so that you can have the correct name.
3. Copy the character's portrait into the layer called "Character." Orient it however you want. The guides can be used as a reference.
    - The top horizontal guide is where I usually have the character's eyes.
	- The bottom horizontal guide is where I usually have the character's chin.
	- The vertical guide is the center line.
4. Copy a background into the layer called "XML2 CSP Background". This can be anything that fits the character, but I usually use a portion of their XML2 loading screen.
4. There should be 6 layers:
    - **HUD Frame**: The top layer that is all black on the edges with a circular cutout in the middle.
    - **XML1 CSP Frame**: The top layer that has a black square border.
	- **Character**: The character's portrait.
	- **HUD Background**: The background image. By default, this is the diamond plate pattern used by MUA1 portraits.
	- **XML1 CSP Background**: The background image for the XML1 CSP. By default, this is the brushed metal texture used by all XML1 CSPs.
	- **XML2 CSP Background**: The background image for the XML2 CSP.

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation