# Marvel Mods GIMP Plugins
by BaconWizard17
## Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)
This plugin exports a character select portrait (CSP) texture in several optimized formats.

### Compatibility
This script will only work correctly if the image has been saved as a .xcf file. The texture should be square. My templates are recommended for use, as they contain the correct layer names. See the "Templates" section for more information. The portrait should not have any outline, as this will be generated by the scrip for the XML1 version.

### Installation
 1. This script can be installed using `runUpdateAdmin.bat` from my scripts, or it can be placed individually in your GIMP plugins directory. The standard location for this is `C:\Users\(your user)\AppData\Roaming\GIMP\2.10\plug-ins`. Check the main `README.md` file in this project for more details on proper installation.

### Usage
1. Start with an image open in GIMP that you would like to export. See the "Compatibility" section above for details on the image type.
2. In the toolbar, go to `Marvel Mods/Export Textures/By Asset Type` and choose the `Export Character Select Portrait (CSP)` plugin.
3. You will be presented with a series of options:
	- **Console**: Select which console you will be using. `All` will export to all available consoles based on later suggestions, while `PC Only` will export textures for PC only.
	- **Export a CSP for XML1?**: Select if you want to export a CSP for XML1.
	- **Export a CSP for XML2?**: Select if you want to export a CSP for XML2.
4. If the file is not set up properly, you will receive an error with explanations. Otherwise, it will move on.
5. The .xcf will be saved and several additional operations will be run while the texture is being exported to the various folders in different formats. The operations will depend on the options selected. Textures that are the same will be grouped together. See below for a list of the texture types that will be exported for each console. 
6. This script creates duplicate images to export, so you will not see any changes on your texture. Wait for the status bar to finish before proceeding with any further operations to your texture. Once it's done running, a message will announce that the export is complete.

## Export Types
 - **XML2 PC**: The texture format will depend on the size of the image. If the texture is over 128x128, it will export as an RGB DXT1 .dds texture. If the texture is 128x128 or smaller, it will export as a PNG8 texture.
 - **GameCube**: The texture will export as a PNG8 texture with a maximum size of 128x128. 
 - **PS2**: The texture will export as a PNG8 texture with a maximum size of 128x128.
 - **Xbox**: The texture will export as a PNG8 texture with a maximum size of 128x128.
 - XML2 PSP is skipped, as it does not have well-documented support at this time.

## Templates
In order for the script to function correctly, I've provided three templates that can be used with it: `Template (64x64).xcf`, `Template (128x128).xcf`, and `Template (256x256).xcf`. The only difference between each is the texture size. Here's how to use the templates:
1. Open the template that you want to use in GIMP. Save it as something else so that you always have the templates available. The file name doesn't matter.
2. The layer with an example image in it (90s Cyclops) can be cleared out, but keep the layer itself so that you can have the correct name.
3. Copy the character's portrait into the layer called "Character." Orient it however you want. The guides can be used as a reference.
    - The top horizontal guide is where I usually have the character's eyes.
	- The bottom horizontal guide is where I usually have the character's chin.
	- The vertical guide is the center line.
4. Copy a background into the layer called "XML2 Background". This can be anything that fits the character, but I usually use a portion of their XML2 loading screen.
4. There should be 4 layers:
    - **Frame**: The top layer that has a black square border.
	- **Character**: The character's portrait.
	- **XML1 Background**: The background image for the XML1 CSP. By default, this is the brushed metal texture used by all XML1 CSPs.
	- **XML2 Background**: The background image for the XML2 CSP.

## Credits
- BaconWizard17: Script creation